# stock_prediction
Personalised seggestion for investment and trading based on user inputs

#Idea

The most significant challenge in the stock market is to predict the stock prices.
Today more and more people are interested in and are related to this sector,
which makes it essential for them to know about the market trends. Since, the
stock market is a non-parametric and a non-linear system, it is liable to quick
changes in stock prices. Our idea is to develop a model which predicts the values
of the stock of a particular company and compare it with others which with
further extensions can be used to support the consumerâ€™s trading strategies.
Furthermore, the model will also be able to suggest the user on which stock to
predict on the basis of information provided such as the amount to be invested
and expected return period.

#Solution

The idea is to acquire and take into consideration the previous stock history of
a company, pre-process the data (divide the data into training and testing
datasets), use the neural network to train the model and predict the stocks.
Moreover, the model will also able to suggest on which stock to invest based on
the amount to be invested and expected return period.
Many a time it so happens that due to some fake news the stocks of a company
fluctuate and the shareholder has to suffer. To overcome this, the model will
also analyse the news and segregate it as a fake and a genuine news. This will
help the user support their decision regarding further trading and investing.

#Technology Stack

The back-end of the application is entirely written on python3. To build that, we
have used the GPU and cloud service provided by Google. The front-end of the
web-app is designed on HTML, PHP and CSS, and to connect and sync these, will
be using the Flask web application framework.
